ACC-1005 Added a PR template (#302)
Financial-Times/next-syndication-api: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

### Description
<!--- Describe your changes in detail -->

### Ticket
<!-- Add link to the corresponding ticket -->

### What is the new version number in package.js?

> <!-- If you have made any changes other than documentation, you need to follow a special deploy process, as described here https://github.com/Financial-Times/next-syndication-dl#deploying-the-download-server -->

Reviewer: Obviously, I am not a native speaker but how about something amongst the lines below?
```suggestion
<!-- If you have made any changes other than documentation, please consider going through the deployment process described here: https://github.com/Financial-Times/next-syndication-dl#deploying-the-download-server. Any changes made to functionality used explicitly or implicitly by `next-syndication-api/server/app-dl.js` and `server/controllers/download-by-content-id.js` will most probably need to make their way to Heroku's deployment of `next-syndication-dl` as soon as they do for `next-syndication-api` -->

```

Author: I considered being a bit more specific with what changes need to be officially released, but I think it's better to err on the side of caution - saying changes to any functionality will lead to always bumping the version and not being blocked by "does this count" - syndication is still a bit of black box, so it's safer to always make a release.
